Update index.md (#29989)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/introduction_to_html/creating_hyperlinks/index.md

### Block level links

> As mentioned before, almost any content can be made into a link, even [block-level elements](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, almost any content can be made into a link, even {{Glossary("Block/CSS", "block-level elements")}}.
```
